Add feature to stop reporting exited containers after a certain TTL (#52)
newrelic/nri-docker: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Unreleased

### Changed

> * The integration by default does not report exited containers that are older than 24 hours.

Reviewer: I have a slight preference to state that this behavior actually changed, even if it is already in the "changelog section". Feel free to touch up the wording as you like though.
```suggestion
* Since 1.3.4, nri-docker will not report containers that have been stopped for more than 24 hours.
```

Author: I didn't do this because I'm not sure next release will be `1.3.4`. It could be `1.4.0` because there's a new feature. Or you could consider it a breaking change and do `2.0.0`, or other things could be merged and then it's impossible to predict what's the next release version.

Reviewer: Agreed, `1.3.4` should better be a placeholder. I'll edit the sugestion.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

> ## 1.3.4 (2020-11-19)

Reviewer: Please use 1.4.0, as while we do not consider the change breaking, it is still worth a minor version change. Thanks!
